Implement new NaN behavior (#22386)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/language/types.rst

A real is a 32-bit inexact, variable-precision implementing the
IEEE Standard 754 for Binary Floating-Point Arithmetic.

> Presto strays from the IEEE standard when handling nans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presto strays from the IEEE standard when handling NaNs.
```
Nit

> It strays from the IEEE standard when it comes to handling of nans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presto strays from the IEEE standard when handling NaNs.
```
Is "Presto" correct? I found "It" vague. Also, consider this minor rephrasing suggestion for conciseness.

In Presto, NaN is considered larger than any other value for
all comparison and sorting operations. Additionally, NaN=NaN will

> be true for all equality and distinctness purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be true for all equality and distinctness purposes.
```

``DOUBLE``
^^^^^^^^^^

A double is a 64-bit inexact, variable-precision implementing the
IEEE Standard 754 for Binary Floating-Point Arithmetic.

> Presto strays from the IEEE standard when handling nans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presto strays from the IEEE standard when handling NaNs.
```

> It strays from the IEEE standard when it comes to handling of nans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presto strays from the IEEE standard when handling NaNs.
```

In Presto, NaN is considered larger than any other value for
all comparison and sorting operations. Additionally, NaN=NaN will

> be true for all equality and distinctness purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be true for all equality and distinctness purposes.
```
